just the guys i'm going to show you the
operation of the pump at the second break
generation
now consists of two cells
a 5 volt replay and a
charger can be the
old cell phone charger to be
abandoned in his drawer
now it will have a great use
inside the plug the charger much more
silent
It's very quiet this time it 's not
here annoying noise
I only left one flight and left more with
three goals
the engine works
I will demonstrate as if I had come back to
The energy has stopped working again.
off as if it had just been
energy
saw
i renewed it worked
I believe that it is barbaric does not reach
annoy both
making its role in water
again
tell anyone
Let's say you're going to do the
maintenance must disconnect the power
it's just you press the button
energy
I hope you liked it so much
thanks a hug